Natalie Austin: Because I said so.
Galaxy A20: Hello, I'm good, how are you
Natalie Austin: Good. Welcome to bright heart health.
Natalie Austin: Are you with us.
Galaxy A20: Yes, ma'am.
Have you
Natalie Austin: Ever been with us before
Natalie Austin: Have you ever been in treatment before
Natalie Austin: Where
Galaxy A20: Halfway
Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Is there um they have those in Pennsylvania, Ohio to
Galaxy A20: Know, I think the rain. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. So you went over the border.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I had, I had an issue with I have an allergy to know last time, and I had a problem with getting it prescribed. And so I went over there and
Galaxy A20: It was a long drive. So that's why I learned about this right here.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Normally on. I'm sorry tax, he said.
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What does eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Or once a day.
Natalie Austin: Was last time you took me
Galaxy A20: This morning
Natalie Austin: You
Galaxy A20: Know, high thought born about a month ago, but I been happening to better myself.
Galaxy A20: And I already have like a, I had to do a pre authorization. I already have my three every day.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: MC gra W.
Natalie Austin: Now you are
Natalie Austin: July 25 1995
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your opioid story. Like, how long you been on them.
Galaxy A20: I've been on public
Galaxy A20: Thousand 13 and I guess I was just around the wrong crowd and I, you know, got introduced to it and basically started doing an addictive personality runs in my family and stuff. So, and I didn't realize what was, you know, it is taking a hold of yourself first.
Galaxy A20: So I kind of just, you know, thought it is just like having fun or whatever. Basically, and I got into a relationship with someone that
Galaxy A20: Was a heroin addict and I was doing deals at the time. And so I switched over to that. And then it just went downhill from there and then
Galaxy A20: I went to a treatment center in Columbus, Ohio, there's only one. I went to, but it was like a state run facility.
Galaxy A20: And it was really bad and I had a bad experience. And so I highlighted them back. And one of my friend introduced me to like send me a text and
Galaxy A20: I started doing those and I just feel amazed by how how amazing, like if it works stuff. And I've been on semtex now for about almost a year now.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. So that works for you.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, definitely.
Natalie Austin: Did you did.
Natalie Austin: You did.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm once last time you used any sort of opioids.
Natalie Austin: Even claim for a year.
Natalie Austin: Withdrawal right now.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Let's go in the past medical history. Any other, any other medical history.
Natalie Austin: You're 24 hours, you probably don't have heart disease or anything yet.
Galaxy A20: Not that I know.
Natalie Austin: Or diabetes or thyroid disease or
Galaxy A20: Hypertension. No, no.
Natalie Austin: You take any other medications for anything.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any allergies.
Galaxy A20: You
Galaxy A20: Know lock down
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: Take the Suboxone what reaction.
Galaxy A20: I get hives all over. Basically all over my arms and
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: My face my face and then my throat. So just swell up and
Galaxy A20: Basically, I just, I couldn't breathe and I started panicking.
Galaxy A20: I thought I was dying, but I later learned it was just the allergic reaction to what I feel.
Galaxy A20: But once I started on the side effects.
Galaxy A20: They'd never occur. It never happened at all or anything in it.
Galaxy A20: Amazing not I wouldn't, I wouldn't buy back on her own.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams twice a day here.
The tablets are the film.
Galaxy A20: They only make the tablet.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I think you're right. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any surgeries.
Natalie Austin: You still have your tonsils your appendix.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Your
Natalie Austin: Gallbladder.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Have all those all your pieces and parts.
Natalie Austin: And you got a crowdsource hometown pharmacy.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Let go. I'm still in the Ottomans. I'll put that on there with it.
Natalie Austin: I want to send this out. So give me one sec here.
Natalie Austin: 7855
Natalie Austin: Data centers and we see that way when we're done here. Do you have any problems, any calls or something. You'll know I can fix it. While we're talking still
Natalie Austin: Okay, so no
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay past medical history is just opioid abuse disorder use tobacco.
Galaxy A20: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: OK, so the lads back or use under the past medical history.
Natalie Austin: History of IV drug use. Do you have hep C or HIV.
No.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever get tested.
Natalie Austin: Do you want us to test you for it.
Galaxy A20: Um, yes.
Natalie Austin: At least they have see because that's
Natalie Austin: That's very common IV drug users.
Galaxy A20: Right. Yeah. I was wondering how I could go about getting
Natalie Austin: Get with that to your lab racks.
Galaxy A20: Okay. How did that work off of
Galaxy A20: Your own not
Natalie Austin: Know, we have to get lab work anyway we send you a rack to get with check your liver and kidneys. So it's just another test goes long
Galaxy A20: They draw your blood. They just run it, that's all.
Galaxy A20: Really
Natalie Austin: Pretty simple. So we
Natalie Austin: See Anna body will see if you have antibodies against it and all I see have it or not.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you are not that long, right, which is good. Just a couple years.
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A20: About four or five years.
Natalie Austin: Four or five years. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you guys ever talk about that.
Galaxy A20: I mean, yeah, I mean, I was around around a lot of different people and I mean I would just use like needles. What was not
Galaxy A20: Necessarily clean yes on
Galaxy A20: But I mean that's what happened.
Galaxy A20: In active addiction to me. But yeah, I mean, I
Galaxy A20: I'm, I'm not sure if I have it or not. I mean, I'm, I'm probably sure if I do, but I have a friend that he has some type of, I don't know where to give you some type of words type or something that it is like doesn't writing good for you. I forget what to do.
Galaxy A20: I was hoping maybe I have that. But I don't know.
Galaxy A20: I can't remember what I think of a blood type, you know,
Galaxy A20: But they like
Galaxy A20: They like didn't
Galaxy A20: Learn and get their feet on our winning now they do like counteracted
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: But I'm probably not that lucky I probably have it.
Natalie Austin: I hope you don't
Galaxy A20: But they can create
Natalie Austin: Yeah, absolutely.
Natalie Austin: All this stuff and I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco
Natalie Austin: Now,
Natalie Austin: Do you use any other type of drugs like methamphetamine methamphetamines or
Galaxy A20: Your why
Galaxy A20: Are, you know, wanting Matt from time to time.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have your medical marijuana card.
No.
Galaxy A20: I'd like to try to get it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you should get it.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder is one of the diagnoses. You can use to get it.
Galaxy A20: How you go about getting one.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna go. You have to go on the Ohio website.
Natalie Austin: ohio.gov slash medical marijuana
Natalie Austin: And then a website will come up and then put your zip code in and it'll tell you all the doctors in your area that can sign
Natalie Austin: You down a little form.
Natalie Austin: They just you download a form you fill it in your name, address and everything.
Galaxy A20: Your diagnoses of you would you
Natalie Austin: Put diagnoses opioid use disorder and then it gives you a list of all the doctors that can sign it for you.
Natalie Austin: Oh state email it into the state in Pennsylvania. It's like it's $50
Natalie Austin: This is probably similar to the $50 check to the state.
Galaxy A20: Then you'll get something in the mail. Looks like a driver's license.
Galaxy A20: Oh, well that's it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so, so if you can pull it over and the of marijuana in your car, you won't get arrested.
Natalie Austin: Medical marijuana covers all that
Galaxy A20: So, like, what do you take it like we've got a factory in chillicothe decider. So what would
Natalie Austin: You take that card over to the dispensary.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's not getting cheaper because there's more dispensary's opening up
Really
Galaxy A20: But right we've all been there.
Natalie Austin: Right, it's legal.
Natalie Austin: It's legal in your system you have it in your system. You're not gonna you know you're okay because you have your card.
Galaxy A20: Right, what you tell me the website. Again, I'll write it down. No quick
Natalie Austin: Look at on ohio.gov God God slash medical marijuana
Whoa.
Natalie Austin: Married. You wanna
Galaxy A20: Right. Yes. Oh.
Galaxy A20: Wow, that's awesome. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that way. Yeah. Opioid Use was this added
Natalie Austin: Eight months ago panic disorders on their anxieties on there too. So if you have other
diagnoses are pretty close.
Natalie Austin: were you diagnosed with anxiety or anything or depression.
Galaxy A20: No, I mean, I've never really done to like
Galaxy A20: My therapist or psychologist, anything like that. I mean, I haven't really ever been.
Galaxy A20: To a doctor for a checkup.
Natalie Austin: Did you get any emails yet about the urine drug screen and lab work from us.
Galaxy A20: I don't think so. I mean, I haven't checked my email today, but I mean, I might have been just double check.
Natalie Austin: I want to tell them to add that have to see.
Natalie Austin: Eventually will send you an email with the urine and
Natalie Austin: And the labs, just get that done.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So last prescription. You got was probably, what, two weeks ago.
Galaxy A20: About a month ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you are with them with them for about how long
Galaxy A20: Probably about
Galaxy A20: Four or five months.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go on their
Natalie Austin: Systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Know,
Natalie Austin: Any abdominal pain, swelling,
Natalie Austin: My paint your pain muscular pain neuro pain.
Galaxy A20: No, no, no.
Natalie Austin: So just put I put 14 point review systems, which was reviewed and negative
Natalie Austin: I'm going to the physical exam general world about wonders white male know cute distress.
Natalie Austin: vital signs stable a febrile. What's your weight 161 6160 height is
Galaxy A20: Five.
Natalie Austin: Pages 510
Natalie Austin: Excellent Pirlo lungs non labor aspirations cardiac regular rate rhythm admin on descended on tender 70s, no demon musculoskeletal five five.
Natalie Austin: Neuro prisoners to through 12 intact psychiatric alert and oriented times three. Next one. Jenna tell you the first next line skin lesions. You don't have any lesions anywhere right
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, skin lesions rashes.
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment once tobacco use disorder to history of IV drug use.
Natalie Austin: Three opioid abuse f
Natalie Austin: 11.10
Natalie Austin: Mild disorder.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: That's it for that.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan.
Natalie Austin: Will send, send Rx 478 milligram tablets.
Natalie Austin: Number 14 that's twice a day for seven days.
Natalie Austin: There's one REFILL ON THERE BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO HAVE YOU START group next week. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Follow up with medication and group counseling on Thursdays.
Yeah, what
Galaxy A20: What
Natalie Austin: Is it to noon.
Natalie Austin: It was a one o'clock.
Natalie Austin: You'll get an email again about that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: This was Michelle and myself.
Natalie Austin: So that'll be Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: At 12
Natalie Austin: And then we can do regular counseling as well monthly counseling individual counseling.
Natalie Austin: Will send you an email as well about that.
Natalie Austin: Cuz you said you've never had any. So I think you'd probably benefit from that.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, most definitely.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, tobacco abuse counseling occurred mental health counseling.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Completed
Natalie Austin: send a copy of Dr. James and proposed time I'm already checked.
Natalie Austin: Checked
Natalie Austin: And then we'll check them hepatitis C panel.
Natalie Austin: Or hepatitis C antibody.
Natalie Austin: And then a patient has to get his urine drug EDS drug screening labs completed.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me send them.
Natalie Austin: What is your zip code.
Galaxy A20: For five or
Galaxy A20: Four or 5.3 point three.
Natalie Austin: Or three to six.
Natalie Austin: Check your computer here.
Galaxy A20: I act on the page 4561. I'm sorry.
Galaxy A20: I gave abuse from Columbia.
Natalie Austin: 45612
Galaxy A20: Yeah, let's
Natalie Austin: See here, first name Logan.
Natalie Austin: See era W. What's your date of birth 720-597-2519 95
Natalie Austin: For five
Natalie Austin: To six move away from all the people that you are associated with
Galaxy A20: Yeah, yeah. My dad passed away and I he left me a
Galaxy A20: Power and so I moved in there and
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: Good, good, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yeah, looks like you used to get a monthly so eventually we're going to do your scripts monthly
Natalie Austin: But not just internet with us. We're just going to do with to doing weekly. So, for
Natalie Austin: At least a couple weeks. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You've been orphaned eight milligram tablets 56
Natalie Austin: From Julian McAllister in Pittsburgh. Yep. Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: We're here.
Natalie Austin: Tabs
Natalie Austin: Number 14
Natalie Austin: And that way, once you start going to groups on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: I'll get to get your scripts kind of set up with that.
Galaxy A20: So,
Natalie Austin: We can have a refill, and then I'll end up giving you like three days extra say from from Monday to Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Probably the next one. I'll give you an extra three days to get you up to group. And that way, I'll just see you at group. You don't have to meet me individually. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, it's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: There's a whole bunch of people with them, Rochelle She's a therapist. We cover many different topics.
Natalie Austin: And you kind of like sit in the background and listen to her lecture, lecture topic, whatever. And then everyone you know tells their gives their input if you need to. And then I'm on there as well. You just let me know. I need a refill. I'm good. So
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Good, good.
Natalie Austin: Sense of eight motor tablets be ID number 14 for one week.
Natalie Austin: I have to send a note to my secretary to send you a hepatitis C antibody check. Give me one minute here.
Natalie Austin: Believe me.
Natalie Austin: Just switch screens here.
Natalie Austin: Jamie. Jamie
Natalie Austin: Please.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Hello about that. I don't know what
Natalie Austin: Phone died.
Natalie Austin: So I'm okay. I'm gonna I'm sending it on a rack also over to my secretary to send to get the hepatitis C, but that'll be with everything else. So, okay.
Cool.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll see if it's possible let you know as ASAP. And it's usually covered by insurance.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: And the treatments. Easy. Now it's it's last extensive as it used to be.
Natalie Austin: So, but hopefully we don't have to go down that road right
Natalie Austin: Let's see.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Galaxy A20: No one.
Natalie Austin: I think we covered everything, um,
Galaxy A20: Well, I'd be able to do then pick that up my mapping out today.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yeah, probably. Then I called they send you text messages, one that he
Galaxy A20: I don't think
Galaxy A20: I can call them.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. Just call and see if it's ready. I guess.
Natalie Austin: I'm I sent you a text whenever I send out prescriptions. I have them send we send you a text. Did you get a text from me.
Galaxy A20: Um,
Galaxy A20: It has a tube.
Natalie Austin: A good Rx coupon.
Galaxy A20: No, I didn't. I don't know if they have the right number on
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Let me check here.
Galaxy A20: I got a new cell phone and I don't. I thought I might have a moment ago.
Natalie Austin: Let me see if we have the right number for you.
Natalie Austin: Hold on one second.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: Whenever I send out scripts. I have them send you out.
Natalie Austin: A text automatically that will you know that I sent it out.
Natalie Austin: And then, yeah, I would have heard your phone go ding probably wouldn't mind. Let me look here.
Natalie Austin: 740634
Galaxy A20: To 7700 I got a new one.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that's incorrect. Okay.
Galaxy A20: That's actually my how
Galaxy A20: My land on
Natalie Austin: Your mobile
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Okay, are you, are you married or single
Single
Natalie Austin: never married
No.
Natalie Austin: Bainbridge
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: 45612 Yep, that's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so your home phone is 740-634-2770 740634
Natalie Austin: To 770. Can I watch your mobile
Natalie Austin: 7.0010106088
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have a work phone or anything.
Galaxy A20: I'm just my hometown in my cell phone.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I fix this fix that.
Natalie Austin: Sound 016088
Galaxy A20: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm back up under the hood, we want we covered past medical history surgical history. I forgot to cover the family history in the social history.
Natalie Austin: Family history. Are your parents.
Natalie Austin: Your father's deceased.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did he, what did he die of diabetes, hypertension,
Galaxy A20: Heart attack.
Natalie Austin: A heart attack. How old was he
Galaxy A20: Was
Natalie Austin: 56 okay
Natalie Austin: Well, that means it runs in your family. So you need to watch for you. Okay.
Right.
Galaxy A20: Wonderful checking
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I mean, you're still young right now just whenever you know a couple years, you should get it like an EKG. Check your heart out and stuff.
Galaxy A20: Right now.
I'm worried about
Galaxy A20: Why I'm just worried about
Galaxy A20: The only thing I'm
Galaxy A20: Nervous about
Natalie Austin: Focus on now. Exactly. Yeah. Did you do that today. Just a couple years.
Yeah, exactly.
Natalie Austin: Um, still alive.
Galaxy A20: To heart disease.
Galaxy A20: Diabetes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, she has diabetes. How old is she,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So besides the diabetes, she live in a while.
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Does she live near you.
Galaxy A20: She's actually living with me right now.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, she's, she's in your dad's house right
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: With you guys good
Galaxy A20: Good. Okay. My name because
Galaxy A20: We wanted to get a
Galaxy A20: Kid.
Galaxy A20: I mean,
Natalie Austin: Right, I make sense. Absolutely.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Galaxy A20: I have one sister.
Natalie Austin: older or younger.
Galaxy A20: Older five years older.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: He's actually a
Galaxy A20: He went to medical school in the University of Cincinnati and she was a doctor for Children's Hospital and she she really didn't
Galaxy A20: Like it that much of her career. So he was going to law school now. And she's going to become like
Galaxy A20: The brain to the family, not me.
Natalie Austin: She's a doctor and a lawyer. Holy cow.
Yes.
Galaxy A20: Right, but they can't right now they're doing video over the phone right now.
Natalie Austin: Wow, that's amazing. That's great.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no. Everything's online now it's
Galaxy A20: Not. Yeah. And I'm glad I found this right here because I mean just like writing time
Natalie Austin: I know perfect timing.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Galaxy A20: I didn't even know they could be such a thing. I'm still one of my friends for me. And I did. I mean, pretty often.
Natalie Austin: Just glad. Welcome. Yeah, I'm glad you're here. That's all we have is to help people that don't drive or can't get out and
Natalie Austin: Now, even more so because the virus.
Natalie Austin: We might be getting a boom of calls because of the virus. I don't know.
Galaxy A20: Right, I don't know, maybe
Natalie Austin: I'm okay let's go under on social histories, you're never married, do you have any kids.
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: No kids employed employed looking
Galaxy A20: Disabled looking
Galaxy A20: Looking looking
Natalie Austin: Okay, what is your occupation normally
Galaxy A20: You're looking up.
I worked
Galaxy A20: Construction for the county county engineer's office.
Galaxy A20: When I was
Galaxy A20: graduating high school but I only worked there for a summer. Summer Jobs, because I was like a summer.
Galaxy A20: Working with like they laid off in the winter or summer.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Somewhere. I'm like construction.
Galaxy A20: Second structure like
Galaxy A20: Road work.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is there a lot of road work on out there now around where you live.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, they're, they're actually is. And there's a more it's more or less like the three ways like there's like construction companies realized that works on the freeways and stuff. And they're they're hiring all the time, like I said in the
Galaxy A20: Stuff like that. But do you gotta be a way
Galaxy A20: For like you know we have a time or I'm thinking about looking into it. It's real good money and I know how do
Galaxy A20: I got my video.
Natalie Austin: Or you see do good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm telling them to add this lab rats.
Natalie Austin: Please add
Natalie Austin: Titus.
Natalie Austin: To try to see your body
Natalie Austin: So you have skills, then
Galaxy A20: I'd like to think that
Natalie Austin: That's good.
Natalie Austin: So you're employable. Basically, okay.
Natalie Austin: tobacco use. You said, How long for how many years.
Galaxy A20: Probably about
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And history of IV drug use last us a year ago.
Natalie Austin: The correct about to
Natalie Austin: Miscellaneous marijuana use but he's going to obtain his marijuana card.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I gave them information on that. Okay, and
Natalie Austin: That was either alcohol use.
Natalie Austin: No alcohol use. Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you any other additions to that section there.
Natalie Austin: Is a history of methamphetamine use, you said to
Galaxy A20: I mean, yeah, but like like probably like once every other month or something.
Galaxy A20: No.
Galaxy A20: Not nothing like
Natalie Austin: Once every never
Natalie Austin: Never every other month. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's just my job to tell you that. And then now you under the plan. Let's add them patient plans to obtain the medical marijuana card information given him on that. So, yeah, yeah. Do you have it or access to internet to a printer to print some stuff out for that.
Galaxy A20: I don't have a printer, but, um, what do I have to plan out. Whoa, that but for now.
Natalie Austin: Just, I think it's just a form that you have to send it to the doctor has to sign it.
Galaxy A20: Oh,
Natalie Austin: I mean, if you
Natalie Austin: If you go online and find all the doctors in the area that consign forums, they might have forums already
Natalie Austin: At least get their phone numbers and call them and just say,
Natalie Austin: Do I need to bring a form energy already have them.
Natalie Austin: He might have a full stack of them.
Galaxy A20: Don't do like video dang, I bet.
Natalie Austin: I don't know. Yeah. That'd be nice.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, like they do electronic signatures with a lot of things now. So that's a possibility.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: You guys, I was pretty up on the ball with electronic stuff. So you might have
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's a good question. Now, they might be able to do electronically.
Galaxy A20: Well, that's what is one of your
Natalie Austin: One that's on your homework list. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I might do that. Definitely.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I think we completed the family history and the social history.
Natalie Austin: That probably completes our history and physical. Do you have any other questions for me.
Natalie Austin: No, no. Okay, it's time started nine o'clock time I did 947
Natalie Austin: So 47 minutes greater than 50% was discussing counseling.
Natalie Austin: You please review systems mental status exam.
Natalie Austin: Non suicidal.
Natalie Austin: Okay, under dictation. OK, I will see you next Thursday next Thursday. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Alrighty, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay. You're welcome. Bye login
Bye Bye bye.